hi my name is Mike gal the LucasArts
producer for Star Wars Knights Old
Republic to the Sith Lords the next
chapter to the game of the year for 2003
this game is set about five years after
the events of the first game which is
still roughly four thousand years before
the time of the movies and I'll get a
little bit more into the storyline of
night so Republic to the Sith Lords
later on in the demo but you'll learn
the full story when we launched in
February 2005 on the Xbox and PC this
first area that we're going to see is
the planet Tilos which was mentioned in
the first game but we never actually got
a chance to explore it so this is the
first time we're going to get a chance
to run around and check out the
environment and explore the area and
this is just an example of one of the
ways that we're tying those two
storylines together
you also notice the rain and weather
effects and the lightning and those
things combined with the ambient sound
and critters really help bring the rules
to life and it gives our designers
another tool to make the worlds feel
more lived-in this other character that
you're seeing with me is Mira she's a
new character for Knights in the
Republic - she's one of 10 different
characters that go meet along the way
they can join your party and she's a
female bounty hunter and she's equipped
with a wrist mounted rocket launcher
which is an example of a new weapon for
Knights in Republic - the planet Tilos
is one of seven worlds that you can
explore and this outdoor environment is
just an example of one of those areas so
there may be interiors and maybe
underground areas depending on the world
you're on but there's a variety of
environments within each world and
finally we'll show you one of the new
critters that you can fight this is a
Kanak and it's just an example of one of
the new beasts that you'll run into
along the way
so now I'll show you an area that's a
little bit later on in the game this is
a Sith tomb when you first start the
game off you'll be able to create your
character from one of three different
Jedi classes and you'll learn very early
on the story that the galaxy is in
really bad shape
there are several Sith Lords that are
hunting you down and they've hired
hundreds of synthos asin's
to come after your character because
they believe that you're the last of the
Jedi Order
so that also gone a little bit later in
the game I also have a new character
this is a female Jedi as you can see
she's kind of evil so her skin has
changed as she has a different robe and
this is just to demonstrate the fact
that we can make those choices
throughout the game to turn your
character good or evil you won't see an
instant switch to the darker white side
but it'll be subtle as you go through
the game we'll also be able to affect
the characters in your party so not only
were your main character begin to show
effects of the dark and light side of
the force
but so we'll provision your party we've
added over 60 defeats and force powers
of the game this is an example of one of
them called 4sight this allows you to
see through doors and also see the
alignment of characters around you so my
character is glowing red that means that
she's evil the other characters are grey
which means are neutral and if they were
good characters they'd be glowing blue
and this is useful if you're in an area
like a cantina or crowded marketplace
and you want to use that to get some
pretty sight into what's going on next
you might find an evil merchant or
something that you can talk to well in
addition to passive force powers such as
foresight we also want to have offensive
ones like force crush and force crush is
a very evil force power that allows you
to literally pick up and crush an enemy
with the power of the force you can see
them a bit lifted off the ground and
then take massive damage from that
attack
and then finally we have those choices
and dialogues to let you choose dark and
light side but we also have the awesome
lightsaber combat from the first game
we've added to that this time by adding
more more animations more combat moves
and more spectacular attacks for your
character so I'm just gonna pick an evil
choice and go right into combat with
these guys and fight them and as I
choose different attacks critical strike
flurries etc I'll get different
animations as my character gets more
powerful in games levels so you'll see
the player change as they go throughout
the game and that's very important
visually for the for the player to see
their character get more and more
powerful so that's just a quick look at
two of the over 70 new areas and star
wars nights over public to the Sith
Lords scheduled to come out on the Xbox
and PC in February of 2005